(A incineration plant located in Bucheon, Gyeonggi-do)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
Yves: The first day of shooting of Olivia Hye's music video!
Go Won: She is preparing behind us!
(Right behind us!)
Yves: You know,
Yves: Making your amount of footage is a little difficult when you're the main character of LOOΠΔ TV
Yves: However, after your era's gone,
Yves: It would be a little bit easier to appear in.
Yves: I've got to go. See you!
Chuu: So, two of us are here!
Chuu: It's a happy day!
Chuu: Because the weather is so fine outside!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ Chuu - Heart Attack"
(Is it fine?)
Chuu: I'm sure that filming outside will be difficult...
Olivia Hye: Look at that!
Chuu: You have to learn this.
Go Won: You have to do that when you are filming your music video!
Olivia Hye: (Wolf's pride) Wolfs don't do that.
Go Won: What? This is totally wolf's.
Chuu: Definitely wolf's!
Chuu: Your lips look gorgeous today!
Olivia Hye: Yeah~